course_id	course_number	course_name	course_description	semester	credits	
1	INST123	Databases for All	"An introduction to relational databases for students with no previous programming experience. Provides a means for students of diverse backgrounds to successfully learn how to store, retrieve, and maintain data in relational databases. Topics include a brief comparison of database systems with an emphasis on relational databases, fundamental relational database concepts, and data types. Includes technical approaches to accessing information stored in relational databases."	Fall 2023	3
2	INST126	Introduction to Programming for Information Science	"An introduction to computer programming for students with very limited or no previous programming experience. Topics include fundamental programming concepts such as variables, data types, assignments, arrays, conditionals, loops, functions, and I/O operations."	Fall 2023	3
3	INST201	Introduction to Information Science	"Examining the effects of new information technologies on how we conduct business, interact with friends, and go through our daily lives. Understanding how technical and social factors have influenced the evolution of information society. Evaluating the transformative power of information in education, policy, and entertainment, and the dark side of these changes."	Spring 2024	3
4	INST755	eGovernment for Smart Cities	"Federal, state, and local government entities are increasingly communicating, interacting, and providing services digitally in an online and networked environment. Concurrently, urban planners and administrators seek to leverage the potential of rapidly evolving technologies to transform service provisioning for the efficient management of assets and resources, with the goal of creating sustainable, livable, innovative, and economically vibrant cities and communities. This course will examine the intersection of these two developments and provide a framework for understanding the technical, policy, and information management issues that are emerging."	Spring 2024	3
5	INST123	Databases for All	"An introduction to relational databases for students with no previous programming experience. Provides a means for students of diverse backgrounds to successfully learn how to store, retrieve, and maintain data in relational databases. Topics include a brief comparison of database systems with an emphasis on relational databases, fundamental relational database concepts, and data types. Includes technical approaches to accessing information stored in relational databases."	Fall 2024	3
6	INST126	Introduction to Programming for Information Science	"An introduction to computer programming for students with very limited or no previous programming experience. Topics include fundamental programming concepts such as variables, data types, assignments, arrays, conditionals, loops, functions, and I/O operations."	Fall 2024	3
